The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to my brother and my brother and me, an advice show for the modern
era, man. I'm Justin McElroy, and you're listening to the show. I'm- I'm Travis McElroy. Pull up a
chair. Okay. The beach is fine. Dig your toes in the sand, come away with me. Okay. It's five
o'clock somewhere. Now Justin, help me remember, you were in North Carolina or South Carolina or
Jamaica? I was in Georgia. Oh, okay. Iby Island, Georgia, mon. Georgia-nayka. I'm still on island
time. Listen guys, Jamaica is just a state of mind, and a country, I think? Or a common- I think it's
a commonwealth? There's nothing common about Jamaica, Griffin. Yeah. Around here, it's always
on time. Yeah, I'm still like- Are you still- Yeah, you're still coming down, it sounds like,
because I don't- Yeah, I've got like a shrimp belly for sure. Yeah. Uh, that's still going.
I hit the crab shack, you know I had to get up on that. I ate at a gastropub inside a gas station
that I don't think was using gastropub as like a pun. I don't think it was being punny, even though
it was, again, kind of inside a gas station. Kind of sounds like you did go to a sheets, mon.
No, mon, I didn't. That was a- I was on island time. Still got the sand of the waves in my hair,
and the ocean- You still have sand in your hair? I have like a permanent conch shell, like-
Embedded in your chest. If you imagine like conch shell headphones that you just put on,
like that's me right now. I can. If you could just photoshop me wearing conch shell headphones
that I just invented, that's me right now. And maybe using a coconut radio. Uh, yeah, maybe.
You've got a seaweed on the coconut telegraph. That's one of my JB songs that I was really
grooving to down there. Sure. You got a seaweed skirt and pruney, pruney balls. Sure. You ever
see Gilligan's Island? I was all of those guys. Um, Justin, beach time is over. I'm glad you had
a good trip. Sounds like you had a really good trip, mon, but beach time is over. It's work time
now, because Travis and I had to hold down the fort by ourselves. I can't just make that transition.
I can't just pivot onto that and just like, get on, like, I guess this is a job now. We get money
for it. It's time to button up your podcasting suit and clock in at Maximumfun.org. Old man Jesse
is breathing down your neck to put out a podcast. But my problem is when you podcast, no one can
hear what a great tan I got. Yeah. And how good I look right now. Well, why don't you describe it
to us? Pale white, like a ghost. That's me. That's me right now. I was last night. I have to make a
trip in two days, like because it's a nine hour, 10 hour drive. We have a baby, which makes it like
a 15 hour drive. And we're just not doing that. So your baby is some sort of your baby is knowing
I've traveled with the Chuckster a couple of times now. The beautiful, beautiful child,
beautiful child, going to grow up to be a beautiful adult. Lots of promise in that human being. She is
a singularity through which time is devoured and then barf back up twice as long. How long did it
take? When did we leave? We did what should have been a four hour drive today in six and a half
hours. Anyway, we split it up two days last night. I was in beautiful Statesville, North Carolina.
Let me hear you Statesville. Okay. I was staying at the Courtyard Marriott, which is across from
Big Shot's Tavern, where we got some takeout for the evening. And I was coming back up. I realized
I left my gym shorts out in the car. So I went out to get those because that makes it nice,
relaxing. Yeah, for sure. I was in the elevator with, and I was coming back up from the car
and I got some, a few more essentials. So I had, I was wearing my cutoff sleeve muscle tee.
I had my muscle shorts in my hand. I had a half finished bottle of brandy and I had two
boxes of- With you? Yes, this is all with me. Why did you have a half finished bottle of brandy
with you? You didn't let me, because I brought it back from the beach. So I went out to the car and
I got it. So I got, I had, now let me start again. I was sleeveless shirt. I want to paint a picture.
Sleeveless shirt, muscle shirt on, muscle shorts in my arms. Also half finished bottle of Paul
Maison Grand Amber VSOP and two boxes of pralines that I brought from the beach. How is my island
life? Pretty good. I guess, I guess you can bring it with you. Take the sunshine with you, I guess.
And I was riding up in the elevator with these two old people who are like, I pushed my button.
It was third floor. And I asked them when they came in, I was like, what floor am I on? And they
were like, third. And I was like, oh, I'm already going there. And I bet they looked at me and knew
like, ah, this must be the party floor. Look at this original party boy, just waiting to get the
party going. We need to move. We can't be on this floor, the party floor. Did you, did you offer to
share some of your pralines? Uh, yeah, I cracked the box open and they were like, ah, dentures.
And I was like, ah, it's a tough break. It's a tough beat. No pralines for you. You want some of
this Paul Maison Grand Amber VSOP? And they were like, no thank you, island boy. Island, island boy.
This is, um, I'm going to lodge an official complaint here that I'm worried about you.
Why? Cause I got too deep in the island spirit and I got salt water in my veins. I think you're really,
you're so deep in the cut for a while. Like, I don't know, we've had some fun at James Buffett's
expense and your expense by, um, by extension, but I'm worried that the, we've incepted ourselves.
And now you, are you, hold on. I think I just heard a phone shutter go off and I think you might be
sending us maybe a, I'm going to guess, cause I haven't gotten received the JPEG yet. Uh, sleeveless
Justin tanned with just praline crumbles. Maybe a sunglasses tan line. All hither and thither. Ooh,
good call Travis. Some, some raccoon pale realness. No, I, there's again, no tanning, pale boy,
like a dead goat. Super duper pale. Just like living that island lifestyle though. I got a brand
new one for the, I got a brand new Tybee shirt for the collection. Justin, I want to say here,
you look exactly the same. You look exactly the same summer boy. I'm looking at you,
that is a hundred percent normal Justin. Summer boy, that's city, that's city Justin I'm looking
at. I, maybe I didn't get deep enough. It's an island state of mind though still. I will say
it does look like you've lost a little weight. No, that's just the angle. I ate shrimp and pralines
in every meal. Um, let's uh, let's thank you for saying, but that's just how my island,
island lifestyle is manifesting itself in my physical form. That is just me projecting a
mental image into your mind. I'm going to place a firm hand on the till here on the tiller.
And I'm going to point us away from those choppy episode 259 waters. And I'm going to get us right
back on. No, we're not going to talk about Antman. We're not going to talk about Antman. We're not
going to talk about tabletop gaming. We're going to do our advice thing. Have you guys like checked
out tabletop gaming? I'm going to read the first. I'm just going to start reading the first question.
Justin, you want to tell us what we do on this podcast?
Um, this is a podcast about karma and just being kind to one another and just getting into the same
flow. The great light that comes from the one up above and we're all sort of riding on it. Okay.
Dear brothers, a friend of mine came over to, there's some weird, uh, capitalization.
It all makes sense when you get to the, to the title.
Okay. Dear brothers, a friend of mine came over to study and now she won't leave. She's been here
for six hours and seems to be settling in. How do I tell someone to go home without sounding like I
dislike them? Thanks. Guest dressed in Germany. Okay. Six hours. Like the red flag has gone up
for you after six hours. After six hours, you're starting to have a panic attack about your friend
never leaving your place. Do you think that's not enough or too much? I think I fish and friends
go bad after three days. Not one sixth of a day. They say friend, but they don't give any like,
like maybe this is like person I met in class. We've had some good conversation. We talked about
ant man. We talked about our beach vacations. We said, Hey, let's study together. I said,
yeah, come over around noon. Uh, my afternoon is open for a day. Yeah. And now they're there
and it's going on 6bm and you're like, Ooh, I need to start dinner, but I don't want to like
start dinner for two. I don't want them. I don't want to, I don't want to just start making for
myself. That seems rude, but I don't want them to get the impression I'm making dinner for both of
us. I wish that I could have been a fly on that wall when your friend looked over at you and they
said, who are you, who are you emailing? Nobody. I just, hopefully they email me back in the next,
Oh, 20 minutes. And by email me back, I mean record a podcast and publish it. I want to talk
to you too about the concept of a studi booty. Um, because I think I did it exactly once. There was,
um, there was a, a young lady I sat next to in my like first Spanish class I took in college.
And I was really, I was genuinely very bad at the language. Uh, so, so there's this,
there's this woman in my Spanish class. I was like, Hey, you want to get together and say,
she was very nice. And we had talked a few times and there was no, like, there was no romantic
intention there, but I feel like you're a freshman in college. So there's this assumed romantic,
like, um, intent everywhere. And so I went to her dorm room and we studied Spanish and it was mega
awkward. Oh my God. Was it terrible? I couldn't get out of there fast enough because there was
this, there was a tension hanging in the air that neither of us wanted, but it was, it was there.
And I, I don't know. I feel like study, the idea of a study buddy, you've hit on,
I'll tell you what complicates it, I think is the fact that this happens mainly in college,
right? You're talking about a college thing. Yeah, you don't usually have study buddies at
30 years old, Justin. Right. Yes. Correct. Uh, but by and large, you don't have,
the reason we have different rooms in our home is because they communicate different messages.
You, if you're in college and you want to like study someplace where you have control over the
venue, it's probably going to be in one room that is also where you have sex and sleep. Like
you have no other options. You can't bring them into- Or play World of Warcraft and sleep.
Or just play World of Warcraft and just, oh man, get super high on the bonge.
Can't bring them into the billiards room. Like. Yeah. Come, come to my study. Come to the study.
Where we'll study. Or maybe in the ballroom. Come to my drawing room. Do you want to watch
Akira with me and play World of Warcraft? Here we are in the conservatory. Oh, secret passage. We're
in the library. Uh, conservatory leads to the kitchen. Um. What are you doing with that candlestick?
Get out of here. Please, please no. My study buddy won't leave. I had to murder her with a wrench.
Yeah. That, I mean, man. This is why you set a window. This is why you say like, yeah, come over
like noon. We'll study for a couple hours. But if I, if I can't, if I can't get the,
the participles and I need to keep learning, I can't leave yet. I haven't learned it.
I need you to help me learn. Two things. You need two things to avoid this scenario in the future
because it's already too late for you. Um, one, study group. Study group removes the onus of you.
You can leave whenever you want. Two, neutral ground. You got to do it like at the library,
on campus, or any, like you could hang out at a coffee shop, hang out at a restaurant, a bar.
Name some other places that people can congregate, Travis, please. A park. Um, um, a racetrack.
Hot tub at the hotel 12. A hot tub. Hot tubbing on the late night. Maybe some kind of memorial.
Um, an art gallery. A hot tub. A hot tub at an art gallery. A hot tub at an art gallery. A hot tub
that was actually a piece of art in the art gallery. Uh-oh. Weren't supposed to be in there.
Now you're getting kicked out. You got to go to a hot tub museum. It was an installation. Ah,
man. Why didn't I notice the pictures of dollar signs and George Bush everywhere?
I should have known this was art. Why didn't I know that this was art before I got in it?
This looks like a Banksy Ridge. Ironically, you were there to study art appreciation. Yeah.
Ironically. And I sat in some art and peed in it a bit. That is not, I have not appreciated
your art appropriately. You passed. That was the test. I've immersed myself in it. What if you
came out and you got in the hot tub and the artist just came from around the corner and was like,
finally, somebody gets it. It's just a tub, people. Look to your left. Look to your right.
Right. By the time this class is finished, one of those two people will have pissed in an art.
Do you guys want a Yahoo? Yes. This Yahoo was sent in by Zoe Kansky climbing the ladder.
Thank you, Zoe. It's by Yahoo Answers user. Something's gone wrong. I'm refreshing. Trying
to get the bits and bytes to a lot. Nope. Something's gone wrong. Their avatar is a
picture of Master Chief. It says, Halo 2. Let's go and call this guy Chief. Chief asks,
I think my best friend is a vigilante. What should I do? This is so tough. My friend,
name I will not mention, has been acting very tired, numerous times coming to high school with
a limping posture and sickly look. Recently, there has been a local vigilante interfering with the
drug trade to high schoolers. The vigilante actually held the drug dealer for the cops
and fled the scene when the police began to turn hostile on the hero as everyone sees him,
as I see him. This vigilante is sometimes seen patrolling the local town and has stopped kids
from doing graffiti and vandalism, rescued a woman from being mugged and aided the fire department.
The main reason I believe my friend to be the masked hero is because on the day of the burning
tower, on the day of the burning tower, the vigilante was seen there and the following day,
my friend had a broken arm. The vigilante also had a broken arm as he held the door above his head
so people could escape. A firefighter had to pull the vigilante out and he was unconscious.
Once he woke up, he left before he was arrested. I honestly don't know why the police hate this guy.
I really think he's a hero and I'm afraid it's my friend. I don't plan on reporting him. But
the question is, should I let him know, encourage him to stop or leave this be? He could get hurt.
He has gotten hurt. And also, can someone explain why the police hate him? He is a hero, right?
Does nobody else want what does what nobody else would do for the people that they don't even know?
Thanks for your time. Also, I'm the only one who can see this friend. No, this is real. I have to
believe this is real. I mean, it's Spider-Man, but I believe it in my heart. It's also kind of kick
ass a little bit, but it's Spider-Man. It's the real life superhero movement. Yeah, I don't like
that the vigilante is not named in the thing because I feel like if you have done that, like,
if I was to start patrolling the streets as some sort of mass crime fighter, perhaps,
Island Boy, I would name him the least terrifying. We need to stop. We need to wait before you
continue. And I need to know everything about Island Boy. I need to know his origin story.
Does he have a little hermit crab shell full of gadgets and gadgets? Okay. When he catches a bad
guy, does he might tie him up? His hookah shell necklace turns into a whip. That's obvious.
Yes. But that seems impractical. He has to, like, rip his neck off every time he wants to attack
somebody. Now he has to awkwardly unhook it. You guys wait. You guys wait. Can one of you guys
get my clasp? Oh God, no, not Island Boy. He has very baggy canvas shorts that have stripes on them,
black and blue stripes. And the draw-offs do make it difficult to run. The drawstring of
his shorts is also a whip. It's double two whips. You're very whip heavy.
In the middle of a fight, two whips is what you need.
We've de-whipped you. What now, Island Boy? We've got you surrounded and whipless. Oh,
little d, you know. Your pants fell down. Yeah, but second whip. Eat my dick.
His camouflage salt life flip flops are frisbees. No, what's a dangerous frisbee?
No, that's it. You got it. You got it in one. They're just frisbees.
No crime fighting applications whatsoever. Those are for Island Boy. That's not for crime. That's
for Island Boy. And his sunscreen is impervious to low levels of radiation from the sun.
It's like SPF 15. It's not even high SPF. No, very high SPF. But any sun-based enemies
are going to have a hard time getting in there. Okay, so Sun Man is out. Solar Woman,
not applicable. Solar Boy. He's also very strong and handsome and muscular.
Mm-hmm. So it's loosely autobiographical.
Anyway, Island Boy, if I'm out there patrolling the streets and people don't... The first thing
I'm going to do is start brand building. I don't see the point in doing this if you're not building
a legend. No, you got to make sure your social media is on point. Exactly. I'm not saving anybody
until... I'm not saving anybody until they know the proper hashtag is what I'm saying to you.
Like, I don't need a tweet storm where people are like, who is this masked boy
who doesn't have a mask? Oh, it's just sunscreen. My bad. What's he doing with that necklace?
I always assumed whenever I watched Superhero Origins that there's some reporter that's
scooping the story and he's like, he's some kind of Island Boy. And then that's the headline,
right? Right. I don't think Island Boy can just like walk into a room, double whip,
whip, whip, and just say, by the way, I'm Island Boy. Tell your friends. And my favorite thing
about this situation, about the Island Boy origin, is that so much crime is happening
while you're out developing your street team, while you're out getting some rough sketches
done of your logo. So much crime is going... It's like your uncle Jimmy Buffett dies because you
didn't catch the right crime. You watch your fucking mouth. Uncle Jimmy Buffett dies. Uncle
Jimmy Buffett blows out his flip-flops. He starts on a pop-top that you didn't save him from.
And so he gets stung to death by a man of war or something like that. And he's like,
with great power comes great responsibility, Island Boy. But then you, Island Boy, are like,
nah. Nah, I'm just going to keep building my brand. That's what Spider-Man did. It worked
out pretty good for him. That is true. He fought Bonesaw and became a famous wrestler.
Uh, yeah. And I think that, but like what I'm saying, it's not just about ego. It's
not about ego at all. If you don't build your legend, like, okay, if you have a legend and
then you stop a crime, then the legend of that is going to keep other people from doing crime,
right? You read the tipping point for a second. Sure. I'll wait. And then you got to do 10,000
hours of superheroing. That's outliers. I don't even know what you're saying. You're weaving a
tapestry of fear that you're going to place all over Huntington. No, a tapestry, a tapestry of
chill. A tapestry of chill. A narrative of fear. Okay. That's fine. But like, would you stay chilling?
Okay. I'm going to, let's, let's, um, gosh, I really don't want to say part the kimono,
but it's the only appropriate thing for right here. Let's part the kimono. You're Island Boy.
Let's assume, let's assume just for the basis of this conversation. Let's just assume for the
basis of this conversation. What would somebody like me be doing? I can't imagine. All right.
Let's assume for the basis. Don't you remember that time? No, you remember that time where you
clearly saw somebody dressed like Island Boy at the top of that water tower. And I was on the
ground looking up, pointing it up there. Okay. And he left before anybody could get a good look at
his face. But we were very clearly in separate places. It's either you or it's Steven shark child.
And I, let's just, okay. Yeah. I got another one. He wears those goggles. Yeah. And you can't have
any goggles that you don't have goggles. That's true. But let's just assume it's you. Would you
stay, would you stay in Huntington? Cause I feel like Island Boy couldn't fight crime in the
decidedly not tropical Huntington, West Virginia. Well, or would that be the bet? That doesn't make
fucking sense. Like Batman, there's not caves in Gotham except for the one that Bruce Wayne's
family bought, but like Batman still patrols. Well, that's a good, ma'am. How has nobody cracked
that? Hey Gotham, Gotham reporters. What is he? Batman? Where do bats chill? Under bridges? We
looked under all the bridges. I don't know. Let's give up. There's one cave and there's one cave.
You want to go there? Nah, we did the bridges. I feel like we did our due diligence. I give up.
Um, what do you say? Listen, we, we've talked a lot about Island Boy and I feel like we've created
a very lucrative property. Um, I feel like Marvel, if you want to buy that one, go for it. DC,
if you want to buy it and completely ruin it, that's fine too. Um, but what do you do when
your friend, let's say, let's assume Steven shark child, uh, all three of our friends, uh, is Island
Boy. He's getting out there. He's do you remember the, the, the day of the tower fire? I remember
it well. It was a, if I remember correctly, it was the three episode arc. It was the day of the
burning tower. And, uh, I remember it well. Flames were everywhere inside the tower. Uh, and, uh,
Island Boy showed up, saved the day, but then Steven shark child showed up to the class. All
three of us are in, um, and both of his arms were missing and Island Boy lost his arms in the, in the
day of the burning tower. So like, what do we say to him? How do you say, stop being Batman? You,
Hey, hey, stop being the most important question for us, Griffin. Why did the police hate Island
Boy so much? He's that's, I think that's the most pressing issue here. And I think the problem is
Island Boy, as we all know, is, is, I mean, I don't want to say loose cannon because I feel
like that it's an unknown commodity. Like, is he going to be super chill or is he going to like,
be a little bit too drunk and a little bit awkward at the luau? You know what I mean?
The drunken, the constant public drunkenness is probably like one of the, that, and like,
he's, he does like sell weed. Like he does. We can't get around. He just sells a lot of his
shorts. He shorts, comes out, comes out. So the public drunkenness, constant public drunkenness,
he does sell weed to anyone regardless of age. Um, he sells weed to cops or if they ask,
and also just like his Dick is out, like whenever he is in combat mode.
One of the things I think it's probably because Peninsula Lad's family donated so much to the
policeman's ball. Yeah. I think that's probably has put them against, uh, Island Boy. Now,
Justin, is there an interesting, is there a strange dynamic between Island Boy and Peninsula
Lad that neither one of them appears to be a grown ass adult? They're unaware of each other,
actually. It's one of the life's great coincidences. I'm as surprised as anybody.
Um, and then there's another superhero called Delta Burke.
That's nothing. I teach in a high school and we just got a new principal. He used to coach
wrestling and all part reports are that his handshake is super aggressive. I don't know
this is how he tries to establish Alpha Dog or if he is just like that naturally. When I meet him,
do I try to match his handshake just so he respects me or do I try to use a dainty
southern shake so he knows he's dealing with a person of high intellect? That's from mano a mano.
Here's the thing. If you don't react, he's not establishing anything. So I don't know. I've
known people like that before who have gone in to shake your hand and just like crush it,
but I feel like that's something a villain in a movie does. Not something like a handshakey
principal does. Yeah. Can I make a suggestion? Maybe when he shakes your hand, you just make
a face like, is that it? Why don't you do this? First time you meet this fool, this wrestle
leader, I want you to grab his hand. I want you to grab his hand firm. Oh, as firm as you can,
but that's not where you're going to scare him because obviously you're concerned about
weaving a tapestry of fear over this wrestle principal. You shake his hand real hard with
that one and then you sort of bring your other hand into his forearm like you're doing a Roman
centurion handshake. But what's that on your finger? It's the gom jabbar. Looks like you've
got a death needle on your finger. So you're going to have to look him in the eye and say,
you must not fear. There's the mind. I want to hear the whole litany, the whole litany against
fear from you, sir. And only then will I let you go. What's the mind killer? Say it now. Tell me
now. Oh, if he's going to come in with strength, right? You use that intellect. You go for the hug.
He goes for the handshake, you go for the hug. And then when you like go into wrap so hard,
yeah, you wrap your, you wrap your arm around him, but then like your hand is on his back,
right shoulder. Then it's scooches a little bit closer to his neck. What's that on your finger?
It's the gum jabbar. Fear is the little death. We can all agree that no matter what the gum jabbar
has got to be part of the equation. You can find one on Amazon. There was one for sale on Amazon
prime day. I got, I got a box. I got a box with three gum jabbars and 16 cans of Pam cooking spray.
You have the handshake, right? You make a connection. You say like, hey, let's grab a
cup of coffee sometime, right? You sit down for a cup of coffee at Starbucks. He takes a drink.
What's that in his coffee? Here, this is what I want to do. I'll go in. I'll hug him real tight.
And what's that on my finger closer to his neck? It's the gum jabbar. What's that on my handshake
hand? It's another gum jabbar. And also my whole body's slippery because I've sprayed
myself down with Pam. He doesn't know which way to fuck me. How about this? He goes in for a super
strong handshake. You are watered. You're fluid. You use his strength against him and you throw
him over your shoulder to the floor. And what's that on the floor? It's a mattress made out of
gum jabbars. Oops. Welcome to saw five. Then he spreads, he spreads his weight out evenly.
So now he is not pierced. Yes. How about this? You go in and you go to shake his hand really hard.
And then somebody comes in to shake his other hand. What's that? It's Kareem Abdul Jabbar.
What's that? Wait, all 10 of his fingers, 10 gum jabbars.
Man, I hope everybody's seen our Red Dune.
I think that's probably a pretty big overlap with our audience. He brought somebody to help
you shake his hand and he's got a sitar in his Ravi Shankar. Is that it? No, that's not a thing.
He's driving a smart car. That's something. He's driving a smart car. That is something.
Let's go to the money zone, sons. Travis, I have a simple question for you.
Yes? What the fuck is base camp? Well, Justin, have you ever done, let's say, a project?
Yeah. Okay. Let's start there. I want to start at the beginning.
Every day is like a little project. Yeah. Every day is a project. You wake up,
check that one off your list. In this day and age, most of the time the people you work with
are not in the same room, right? Yeah, that's true. I work in a remote office.
Right? Base camp helps you wrangle people with different roles, responsibilities,
and objectives towards a common goal, finishing your project together. Base camp runs in the
cloud on secure servers, so you don't have to mess with anything technical. It's going to help you
bring all your people together, get them on the same page, make sure everything's running smoothly,
and you're not constantly having you do calls or say like, hey, did you do that? Oh, was I supposed
to do that? Oh, shit. Base camp's going to help you take care of that way smoother, run everything,
and not feel like an idiot at the end of the day. Base camp, look at it this way, it's really going
to let you feel like a big, big old W on the day when it comes to business. I don't know if base
camp can help you in your personal life. I don't know if they can get things on board with helping
you find love, but finish your project, you betcha. And listeners of my brother and my brother and
me can try base camp absolutely free for two months. Go to basecamp.com slash my brother,
special landing page. You're going to like the logo you see at the top, people. It's going to
bring back some warm, fuzzy memories or horrifying memories. Go check it out. Base camp.com slash my
brother. Finish your project. If you can do it in two months, you never have to pay base camp
anything. Try to work that angle. That's what they were hoping for. I'd love to go to the website,
but I can't fucking see it. Well, let me take a look at your eyes. You've got all that sunshine
in your eyes. Oh, yeah, Justin, this is just- I've gotten help. I've gone beach blind. Yeah,
it's not beach blindness, buddy. That is just good old fashioned astigmatism.
Oh, man. Yeah, it's like, let me get into your, let me get into your
oculars real quick. Let me just see what's- Oh yeah, just full little jellyfish. A lot of people
don't realize that when they get in the water, sometimes their eyes just get full of little
jellyfish and you can't see them, but they're there and they're growing. And now your eyes
aren't there anymore. Well, now I need glasses. Travis, what should I do? Help, help, help. I
don't, again, I don't want to burst your bubble, but glasses are not going to help you, my friend.
Your eyes are just a bunch of little jellyfish now. Okay, but Justin, you can at least look cool
as you go blind from just millions of jellyfish stings. Billions, billions and billions of
jellyfish stings. Billions of tiny jellyfish stings just ruining your eye jelly. My Brother,
My Brother and Me is supported in part by Warby Parker, friend of the show. We've talked about it
a bajillion times. I'm sure you know about it, but maybe you've thought, oh, I don't know. Maybe I
have jellyfish in my eyes. Well, we've got the solution sort of. It's a new concept in eyewear,
fashion forward. If it's a new concept, haven't we talked about it a billion times? Well, new in
like the grand scheme of things. Look at a calendar, Justin. Imagine that all of time is represented in
a calendar. All right, Neil deGrasse Tyson, how about you just tell them about the fucking glasses?
Okay, great. Well, you can get a prescription pair of glasses for $95 and that's including the lenses.
I foolishly, I foolishly bought glasses, not at Warby Parker. I bought it at my optometrist
because they kind of bullied me into it. They actually sort of locked the door behind me, wouldn't
let me leave. They're like, you can't drive home with these eyes. $400. Oh, God. Were those for those
Randy Jackson shades? No, they, they actually, those are illegal now. Those Randy Jackson glasses
because I'm a married man. I don't need like trim thrown at me in the street because I'm wearing those,
those fucking tight ass Randy Jacksos. So yeah, I can't, I'm not allowed to wear those anymore.
So that Warby Parker has this home try on program where you can order five pairs of glasses and
they're shipped right to you. You try them on, you find the frames that work for you,
and then you send them back free with no obligation to buy them. You find the ones
that look good on you. You get input from your friends, see what they think. And if you go to
Warby Parker slash my brother. Well, there's a dot com in there, so try again. You go to Warby
Parker dot com. That's W A R B Y P A R K E R dot com slash my brother to get free three day shipping
on your final frame choice. That's Warby Parker dot com slash my brother. I have a message here,
personal message. If you want to get a personal message for yourself or your small business on
the show, go to maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron and you can find out how to do it there. Uh,
we've gotten a few emails from people like, Hey, I want a Jumbotron. We can't, we don't do them.
We don't process those. I promise. Uh, go to maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron and you'll figure
out how to do it there. Uh, this message is for Nicholas Bale and it's from Donna, Eric,
Mark, Matteo, and John. They all say in one beautiful chorus, sing song voice. Hey, Nicholas
Bale, you old lovable turd, you here's to a great new year full of board games, rock climbing,
college parties, and just being the best turd you can be. We hope you have a great birthday spent
with the best friends a turd could ask for. Try not to get your turd smell on your presents from
your great friends. P.S. you're a turd. What are they trying to get across? That's a weird auto
correct. Um, oh, sorry. I misread and everywhere it said turd. It says great guy. So it's kind of
weird that maybe I need to go to Warby Parker. Maybe I'm the one with the jellyfish eyes.
The worm has turned. The jellyfish has turned. The worm has turned. I also have a quick question
for Josh from Jeremy. Um, Josh, get back to Jeremy as soon as you can. Um, Jeremy really needs to
know. Do you know if Earl Pitts is still on the radio? So there it is. A hundred dollars just
sort of. Earl Pitts, of course, that beloved Gary Burbank character, Earl Pitts, is he still on the
radio? Just sort of loaded a hundo into a canister and fired it into space. And that's fine because
we're in space and we caught it. Thank you for the money very much, Josh. We appreciate your money.
I mean, Jeremy, thank you very much, Jeremy, for the money. We appreciate all of your money. Josh,
do get back. No matter who sent it, no matter who sent the money, I appreciate the money.
What was that noise? Did someone just get a game center request? No, uh, just, uh, this Earl Pitts
video audio played on my, uh, computer. Okay. So you're really dialed in then. Yeah. I really
want to get the whole Earl Pitts story. Here's a quick click of Earl Pitts that I can put in.
Hey, y'all, it's me. I've never heard Earl Pitts.
Ty is a pedantic person. I think when he pronounces these words, it's in a very show-offy
way. Gyro. Hero. Sacre bleu. Sacre bleu. Ayers Rock. Uluru. What you are witnessing is real.
The participants are not actors. They are actual litigants with real cases. They call in via Skype
to Judge John Hodgman's court, the real people's court. Now I call you to Judge John Hodgman's
internet court. Find it at Maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
Farm wisdom. Farm wisdom. Put some dip inside your lip. Farm wisdom. Brought to you by Earl Pitts.
Brought to you by Snooze. The dip you put in your lip for farm stuff. It'll make you better
at hay collecting. This is actually from Sammy. Thank you, Sammy. Thank you, Sammy. And thank you,
Snooze, for sponsoring the show once again. It's dip. What a great friend we have in Snooze.
Special relationship. There's a lot of farm wisdom. This is an encyclopedia of farm wisdom
from Sammy. Thank you, Sammy. Number one. Kicking it off. Top of the list. Goat poop can be fatal.
Our beef cattle were dying off unexpectedly. After looking into the cause, we found out
it was the feces from our goats on the farm that were killing our herd.
Sorry, Elizabeth Gilbert. Goats are the worst. Goats, I don't care what your affiliation. They're
the worst animal ever. Number two. I showed cattle as a kid. Now that was about-
There's been Sammy wisdom. Sammy wisdom. I showed cattle as a kid. Now that was about
15 years ago. Or are they saying now that was about 15 years ago? Yep. I literally put a leash
on a full grown heifer and walked her around a ring for a show ring for fun. We had to clean
these cattle before showing. Guess how we bathe them? We used a pressure washer. Oh no. In
hindsight, that seems like an odd and painful way to clean these poopy animals, but that's the norm.
That's farm wisdom. No, Sammy. It's not. It's not. Farm cruelty. Farm cruelty. That was right this
whole time. Farm cruelty. You are Bovine Jack Bauer is what you are. Number three. Sometimes I just
hit goats with a hammer for fun. All right, Sammy. I'm a psychopath. Number three for real though.
How do you know if your corn is growing at an appropriate rate? This old saying, knee high by
the 4th of July. Yes. I also apply that metric to my daughter to know if she's stunting or not.
Knee high by the 4th. Does everybody like, all right guys, February 5th, you know the drill.
Get that corn in the ground. We got to have a fair corn race. Knee high by the 4th of July.
Number four. Cows don't actually sleep standing up. If you get to that point though, if you get
to 4th of July and it is not knee high, what is your next action? You just give up. You just give
up. Fuck this corn. Do farmers have uniform bottom halves of their legs? I was going to say cows,
but that would get confusing. Do they have, is a farmer, if you lined up all the farmers in the
world, all their knees are like 20 inches high. Cows don't actually sleep standing up. They do
lay down. Cow tipping is not a thing. That's not true. It's Sammy, these are lies and they're cruel.
Like they're, they're cruel truths and horrible lies, Sammy. That's not the name of the segment.
It's called farmways. Cows don't actually sleep standing up. They do lay down to sleep and then
they never get up. And why aren't they moving or breathing? What did I do? Stop. Stop. Hammer time.
By which I mean I'm going to go hit some goats with some hammers. Fine. Good riddance to bad
animals. Number five. Final piece of farm wisdom. This one's going a little long, but I still feel
like it's good. To make your dairy cattle milk more efficient, throw hammers at them before they wake
up. To make your dairy cattle milk more efficient, feed them poison. To make your dairy cattle milk
more efficient, feed them a diet rich in alfalfa. So that one's not especially sexy. Not as sexy as
the other ones. That's an important tip, Sammy. You got to close with some heat. Yeah, don't you
maybe lead with alfalfa and then we think, oh Sammy, she sounds like a normal human being.
And then you get into the hammers and then you get into the lava ceremonies. To appease the
gods of your farm. Then you get into the ritual burials. Thank you for sending those in, Sammy.
Thank you for sending those in, Sammy. I do miss farm wisdom when we don't receive it.
If you've got something, you can send it to MBAM at Maximumfun.org. That's where all questions
and advice and relevant comments should go. Just put farm wisdom in the subject line, I guess.
Do you guys want Yahoo? Yeah, sure. This one was sent in also by Zoe Kinski climbing that ladder.
She is on a hot streak. Thank you, Zoe. It's by Yahoo Answers user, Reesis, who asks,
is it possible to ask a question without using a question mark?
What do you think? That's a question mark. Oh, fuck. Is it? No. It's a question mark.
It's a question mark. Tell me now the name of your dad.
No, that's a- That's a declarative.
That's a- Not a declarative.
A pejorative. No.
Demonstrative. Deformative.
A deformative. No, it's when you
give an order. What is your-
Imperative. Let me try this. Let me try this. What is your dad's name? I want to know.
How about, oh, how about this? Remind me of your dad's name.
That's a question mark, yeah. No, it's not.
But it's also an imperative. Travis put one in with this inflection, but-
What is your dad's name? Let me try again. What is your dad's name?
What about this? What about this? What is your dad's name?
Okay, I got it. Okay. What if you went with this? Your dad's name is-
Oh, I see. That's fun.
Until they interrupt you or you pass out.
What about this? Dad's name. Go.
My dad's name is Regis, and I would like to know yours.
For example.
See, then it's not an imperative. Then it's like open-ended. They can-
I don't- Listen, I could give a damn. Tell me your dad's name or don't. Whatever. No skin off my balls.
Is it possible to ask a question without saying no skin off my balls?
There's four different types of sentences, right?
Right. Statement or just-
Or declarative, right?
Right.
There's the-
My dad's name. As long as we're grammar girling, let's do it. My dad's name is Regis.
My dad's name is Earl.
Yeah, but how can you ask- Okay, using the first sentence type of statement,
you could ask a question with a statement.
It doesn't have to be- I would like to know what your dad's name is.
That's good. I don't know your dad's name.
I've never met your dad, but I want to.
You have to say, I don't know your dad's name, and then stare at them expectantly.
Right, sure.
That's important. I don't know your dad's name, and that's your fault.
Question that's obvious. A command, right?
Dad's name now!
Dad's name on three!
Dad's- Tell me the name of the dad.
Your dad's name. Your dad's name.
Dad's name, or he dies.
No, it has to be command. Give me the name of the dad.
Give me the name of the dad now. Give the dad's name to me.
Stop stalling.
Stop stalling, McClane. Tell me your dad's name.
I'm ready for the name of the dad. I've waited long enough.
Slake my thirst for your dad's name.
Let me die.
Give me the sweet girlates of death and tell me the name of your dad.
I am a genie, and the only way I can become Jyn is with the command word as the name of your father.
Now, please, yes.
In the shade, name your dad.
Griffin, that was declarative.
You say you fucked up.
Hold on, wait, what were we doing?
The last- that was command. The last type-
Your dad's name, so I may become Jyn!
Shazam!
That's not a command, because now we're on the exclamation-
Give me the name of your father, so I may become Jyn.
No, exclamation.
Jyn!
I have been cursed for a million centuries by Alibaba.
Declarative, declarative, declarative.
Declare.
Not an exclamation.
I have been cursed for a million centuries by Alibaba.
That's a statement.
That's a question.
That was a statement.
Did Alibaba curse me until I knew your dad's name?
He did.
He did, in fact.
Arabian Nights!
I'm Jyn.
Kazam!
The only way I can make it rain burgers is if you tell me your dad's name.
I'm Jyn.
I don't know, Shaq.
We read through the script.
I think we're gonna have to take another pass at this.
There's not a single question mark in the whole thing.
There's not any E's either, check it out.
How about instead of all the parts where you're yelling at the boy to tell him his dad's name,
um, you do some rapping?
Sounds good to me.
Sounds very good.
Uh, so you guys are struggling with this one.
Exclamation, um, the article that I found to remind me of this because I'm 34,
um, it ends with an exclamation part and it makes a statement with emotion.
There are three examples that they have offered here.
Here are the three examples of an exclamation.
I can't find the butter!
The Tyrannosaurus Rex was huge!
I love this movie!
It's a cool day.
Is that all the same idea?
That's a cool day.
I want some more popcorn from the concession stand.
That Tyrannosaurus was huge.
I love this movie.
I want to see Jurassic World again.
I love your dad but forgot his name!
I'm so frustrated that I don't know your dad's name and you can help!
Kazam!
It's been too long since I've seen Kazam, also what's your dad's name?
That's question mark.
I want to watch Kazam with your dad but don't know what to put on the invitation.
I can't remember the name of the movie Kazam.
Fuck!
I fucked it up because I'm dead right there at the end.
Is your dad's name Kazam?
Question mark!
Man, we're bad at this.
What if we did a new podcast just called Boy School and it was the three of us and
we just tackled stuff like this.
I think that's a hit.
I'm never going to forget this.
No, I won't forget this either.
This is good for your kids.
It's good for kids, it's good for adults.
Now your kids are actively learning about this stuff in school.
Kids are currently learning about how to inquire about people's dad's names in all kinds of
really fun and funny ways.
And the history of Kazam.
But the adults have forgotten it.
That's why that horrible Jeff Foxworthy show is still on the air.
Can you believe that?
So yeah, I think we spin that up.
I think Boy School episode one.
I think we save it for sweet sweet.
Print it.
Put it on a t-shirt and sell it.
You do another question?
I get pretty bad stage fright when it comes to urinals in men's restrooms.
If there isn't a divider between heads, I almost definitely won't be able to pee if
someone is next to me.
This can't even resort to me having to pretend to go just so I can find another restroom
so I don't look weird in front of strangers.
Is there some magic solution to peeing in public restrooms or I'll forever be that guy
that pees standing up in the stall?
That's from public pissing problemo.
My dude.
I only laugh because the idea of pretending to go when you can't actually make any liquid
come out of your penis has to just be you going, oh yeah.
Oh it feels so good loving this.
What a release.
It's crazy that this feels so good.
It's just stinky water coming out of my wing wong.
That's crazy.
Guys.
But it feels so right.
You guys are feeling this too right?
Oh man this is crazy.
We are having a moment.
My wing wong feels righteous.
I think your main problem is that you don't have to be bad enough.
Because if I really have to pee, I don't care if the ghost of my great grandmother appears
in the urinal cake like, no please don't.
Like I'm going to go for it.
Because I have to pee.
I'll tell you the ultimate ruse though is when you walk into, oh worst pee situation
of my life.
I was, I love me undies.
I love me undies so much.
They do not have a hole in the front for you to get a tuck, a good tuck going.
So you have to basically.
Or you wear them backwards.
It's one of those two.
No there's no hole in the butt either.
Important to point out.
Quick correction to what Justin just said.
So it's a full blown pull down your pants and pee in the urinal situation.
I was at Worst Fest, a fun little festival put together by the city council of like San
Marcos or somewhere.
No it's like an hour south from here.
You go to it though and it's all sausage and beer and it's fun and people get really,
really turnt.
And it's kind of scary actually now that I'm talking about it.
Because it's kind of like Nine of the Living Dead.
Anyway, worst bathroom situation.
I walked in after waiting in line.
It's slam, slam jams.
Yeah with a W, with a U.
Worst bathroom situation.
No okay I'll try to avoid those.
It was very bad nightmare bathroom.
And I walked in and what's up?
Oh it's a trough.
Like at a baseball stadium.
Nice.
And so when you see that, when you see that or you see this is also applicable to a no
wall which is not ideal but infinitely better than a trough.
You just sort of pivot and you turn towards the stalls and then all of a sudden you're
waiting on a stall.
And somebody's like what are you waiting on a stall?
And you say yeah I got a lot of turds to go to.
Got a lot of turds.
I got a big shipment at the butt factory.
I say you lean into it.
If there's a trough you go to where two guys are already shoulder to shoulder and just
squeeze in between them.
Can I get in here?
Let me just, excuse me.
Can I just get in here?
If you just crook your elbow I'll pee through it.
Or yeah you do a double.
If you got enough blast power they only need to split apart like a quarter inch for you
to have clearance.
You stagger.
You gotta stagger.
You do a stagger situation.
Hey can we get to staggering here guys please?
You're just stacking us off the shoulder.
We don't need to be shoulder to shoulder.
You can be off the shoulder as long as there's a gap.
Can you two cross swords so I can get up in here please?
I said.
I want to three musketeers with y'all.
As long as there's no, as long as there's no line, pee in the stall.
Yeah.
You're psyching yourself.
Like you're not going to walk out of the stall and see a dude with a clipboard putting
an X next to your name be like.
Like no one's judging your shit.
Another shit huh?
Weird.
Sounds like the worst one today.
Can I ask you guys a question about this?
This is related to this topic.
If you go to a place and see a handicapped restroom, isn't it hard to deny yourself
the spacious luxury?
This really spread out.
Maybe put down a picnic lunch.
It's really hot.
Like I mean I feel guilty about it.
Coming to my studio.
I kind of wish there was a thing, there was a special knock you could do
if you were a person with disabilities that like, hey, I'm really, can you please?
And I would, I would respect that instantly.
I would be, I could be mid pinch.
I'll pinch it off.
Justin, I know a lot about you.
If anyone knocked on a stall door, I think you would respect it instantly.
Yeah, but no, if it was the special knock.
Otherwise I just think they're an asshole or that guy from Cracker Barrel that one time.
I once, I once walked into a bathroom and it had dividers betwixt the urinals and they
were about three inches wide.
So like they stuck out from the wall about three inches.
It was like, it was a mockery.
It was if to say we could have, but we didn't.
We spent resources.
I can't you, don't you hate when there's like an inch and a half or two inches of space?
Like I don't, why do you as a bathroom door manufacturer hang those up and say, well,
that's a good day's work.
I've done the one thing that I'm supposed to do and protect people's situations.
No, wait, there's a nice little staring crevice right here.
Just to let people peep in.
That's fine.
I was using, I was using a stall one time and in the like wall between the two stalls,
somebody had made like a hole to I guess look through and it was like, I don't know why you
made like a little secret, like a, like a shadow box display, like a little diorama.
Like I'm, I don't want to see through that hole into like what the person in the other
stalls doing.
It was really curious.
Don't, is it, you know, one of the worst things is when there is a little crack there and
the door is closed and you think, did somebody just do this as a prank or is there really
somebody in there?
And you kind of do that very casual walk by side glance, see if you see some shoes or
maybe some rumpled pants.
That's for real.
And then all of a sudden you're the crackle, cracker barrel man.
You're the man from the barrel.
Yes.
So that is how bathrooms work.
Another episode of boy school in the can.
Which is our side, our side project of bathroom etiquette for children.
So that's it.
We're done.
We're done with the show.
Thanks for listening to our show.
Another show we're going to make this week.
You're going to get a boat.
This is not the only episode of my brother, my brother and me that you will get to enjoy
this week.
What does he mean?
I'll tell you.
Boy school.
We're going to make a very special episode just about to Tino's the entire to Tino's line
is going to get the big feature.
It's going to be a huge episode full of fun, full of flavor and full of flavor and full
of crunching.
And it's going to be a to Tino's episode from us to you.
And it's going to be a to Tino's episode from us to you and the fine people to Tino's.
If you want to get in on the action, email us with to Tino's in the subject line.
And also, please tweet at to Tino's with the hashtag NB NBAM to Tino's and I can't.
I'm not just going to say this because they are sponsoring the episode and because I love
to Tino's.
You should go get yourself some pizza rolls before you listen.
Oh, yeah.
This is the we're going to talk about them so much.
You're going to lose your mind dying for them.
We're going to be timing it out so that we are eating discreet meals during the show.
So a lot of crunch and munch, a lot of gushing, a lot of yummy noises.
It will be at my breakfast.
It will be Travis's breakfast.
It'll be my brunch.
It'll be Justin's lunch.
It's going to be one for the ages.
Not the way you're listening a breakfast pizza roll with maybe like some sausage and
cheese and egg.
That's good.
Just step into their house and tell them how to rearrange the furniture.
I've already been I've been I pitched dessert pizza rolls to them that were maybe like an
apple pie filling or like maybe like a hot chocolate custard kind of thing.
It's going to get real real with Tino's.
Do we have a date on that yet today?
Twenty seconds.
Twenty seconds coming Wednesday.
This is not like the new my bim bam.
Like that's not like special occasion.
Do only sponsor says a special occasion.
Justin Joe Justin joked about it on the show like three years ago.
And then Mr.
Totino heard it and was like, let's make it happen.
That's what he sounds like.
Do it like these boys.
Let's get a good sound.
Let's get these boys to hawk our little pockets of flavor.
Let's sort them up.
Sheila Sheila, send them to source.
I'm Mr.
Big Head.
Oh, baby.
Tito's is run by the bad guy from Sewer Shark.
Apparently we're going to have these boys slinging sauce.
I want to see saucy mouths.
I want to see smooth smooth tan legs and saucy mouths.
Get some sauce in their hair.
Sheila make it look like they're having a real pizza party.
I want no crying in pizza rolls.
So that's going to be going to be doing some live show.
Yeah, that's Pacific Northwest, Seattle, Vancouver.
Go to bit.ly forward slash NB NB am Seattle or bit.ly forward slash van NB NB am.
And you can buy tickets to those so you can come see us and enjoy those shows.
Tickets are still selling fast.
Those are reserved seats.
So if you think you might want to come, please buy your tickets now.
And a portion of every one of those tickets does go to us.
So we get some we get the money.
So I appreciate that for you buying it.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
You should listen to all the other amazing maximum fun shows.
And the donor swap episode that everybody was promised.
Wait, are we are we promoting these?
We can't we can't announce who it is, but only that it's going to be fantastic.
It's going to be amazing.
Also, my sister, my sister, me is still in the works.
So people have been asking a lot about that, that he's coming.
But for right now, go check out the other maximum fun shows.
And they're all incredible.
I mean, they're countless good shows.
I wouldn't even know where to begin.
But maybe the other ones that were on Adventure Zone, Sawbones, Bunker Buddies.
Yeah, can I just take a second to promote Monster Factory?
It's a video series that Justin and I have been doing for Polygon.
And I wouldn't normally plug shit on this show that is sort of outside the scope of the maximum fun community.
But I've seen so many tweets from people who listen to the show.
They're like, have you seen this video?
And they haven't seen it.
So it's called Monster Factory and it's on YouTube.
Each one's like a half hour long.
And I think they're really funny.
I'm not just saying this because I'm your guys brother.
The Fallout 3 and the Mass Effect 2 is like the funniest.
The Mass Effect 2 turned out super good.
Anyway, you can find that all on Polygon's YouTube channel.
There's like a playlist of Monster Factory videos.
You can just search Monster Factory on YouTube.
You should also check out another YouTube series called Things I Bought at Sheets.
Justin's hit YouTube series with his friend Dwight where they review items that Justin bought at Sheets.
It's so good.
So good.
And we just figured out how to work a green screen.
So that series is really going to be fun.
Oh, hell yes.
Also, Travis has a new podcast called Trends Like These.
It does with his friend Brent.
That's a...
It's a must listen.
It'll get your day started right.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song
and to departure off the album putting the days to bed.
You can still vote for him.
If you live in Seattle, you should absolutely look up his platform.
I think it's solid.
And think about voting for him.
You can early vote now for the primary.
But get those votes in by August 4th.
We got to hang out with him a lot at Max Fun Con.
And he's a super good dude.
And I think he would make a really great representative
for the 8th district of Seattle.
So if you live-
Not the 9th or the 7th.
That would be like a bad fit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But so yeah, go look up his platform.
Give it a thought.
Yeah.
We'll see you guys again on Wednesday.
We'll see you in a couple days with mouths full of sauce.
His final Yahoo answer was sent in by Zoe Kinski.
Thank you, Zoe, climbing that ladder.
Thank you.
It's by Yahoo Answers user SorrySomethingHasGoneWrong.
Let's call her Roseanne.
Roseanne asks, do they make Rob Schneider dolls?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
He's been my brother, my brother.
May I kiss your dad?
May I kiss your grandma?
Maximum fun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Dave Holmes.
And if you've been missing my show,
International Waters, then you've been missing this.
If there's one thing I know about owls, they are wise.
Two things.
They are wise.
Yes.
They love nightclubs.
They wear tiny graduation motorboards
and they love nightclubs.
They also do the best double takes of all birds of prey.
And if you slow it down, they actually go.
International Waters, a panel show where US and UK comedians
battle for pop culture supremacy.
Subscribe right now on iTunes or at MaximumFun.org.